Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report, Calendar Year 2012
Methods
Data Source: CMS’s CY2013 National Claims History (NCH) Standard Analytic Files (SAFs) are the primary data source. The NCH SAFs include claims with dates of service in calendar year 2012 and accreted to the NCH as of 6/30/2013 and contain 100 percent of Medicare final action claims for beneficiaries who are enrolled in the FFS program. Beneficiary demographic and health information (including age, sex, race, Medicare and Medicaid entitlement, chronic conditions and risk scores) is taken from the CMS Chronic Conditions Warehouse (CCW) which contains 100 percent of Medicare enrollment and eligibility data. For complete information regarding data in the CCW, visit http://ccwdata.org/index.php.
Study Population: Providers that had a valid NPI and submitted Medicare Part B non-institutional claims during the 2012 calendar year. Claims processed by Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetic, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs) are not included.
Years:  2012
Aggregate Level: NPI
Special Note: This aggregate report is not restricted to the data reported in the Medicare Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File (PUF) but is aggregated based on all Medicare Part B non-institutional claims (excluding DMEPOS).  Any aggregated records at the NPI level which are derived from 10 or fewer unique beneficiaries are excluded from this reporting to protect the privacy of Medicare beneficiaries.  In addition, any beneficiary demographic sub-group counts that are based on 10 or fewer beneficiaries are suppressed.  Percent of beneficiaries within each chronic condition are top-coded at 75%.
